[SDCI-1909] Add job failure analysis for Azure Pipelines (#33039)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/azure.md

### Compatibility

| Pipeline Visibility                             | Platform | Definition |
|-------------------------------------------------|---|---|

> | [CI jobs failure analysis][21]                  | CI jobs failure analysis | Analysis of the root causes of failed CI jobs based on relevant logs using LLM models. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [CI jobs failure analysis][21]                  | CI jobs failure analysis | Uses LLM models on relevant logs to analyze the root cause of failed CI jobs. |
```

1. Install a Datadog app registration on your Azure console. Follow the steps in the [Azure integration tile][14].

2. Add the Datadog app registration to your Azure DevOps organization:
  a. Navigate to **Organization settings** in your DevOps console.
  b. Click **Users** from the left side panel, then click on **Add Users**.
  **Note**: If you don't see the **Add Users** button, you may not have the necessary permissions.

To enable log collection, add your app registration as a user with Basic Access Level to each project. Alternatively, you can click  **Add to all projects** to configure all projects in bulk.

Logs are billed separately from CI Visibility. Log retention, exclusion, and indexes are configured in [Log Management][18]. Logs for Azure jobs can be identified by the `datadog.product:cipipeline` and `source:azurepipelines` tags.

### CI jobs failure analysis

> If job logs collection is enabled, CI Visibility computes analysis using LLM models for failed CI jobs based on relevant logs coming from Azure Pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If job logs collection is enabled, CI Visibility uses LLM models to compute the analysis for failed CI jobs based on relevant logs coming from Azure Pipelines.
```
